Datatypes-Boolean Expression Evaluation.md, before:


# Ex 1:Datatypes-Boolean Expression Evaluation in Python

## 🎯 Aim
To write a Python program that evaluates and prints the results of boolean and arithmetic expressions involving `True` and `False`.

## 🧠 Algorithm
1. Set variable `a` to the result of the expression `0 == True`.
2. Set variable `b` to the result of the expression `False == False`.
3. Set variable `c` to the result of the expression `True + True`.
4. Set variable `d` to the result of the expression `False + 9`.
5. Print the value of `a` with the label "a is".
6. Print the value of `b` with the label "b is".
7. Print the value of `c` with the label "c:".
8. Print the value of `d` with the label "d:".

## 💻 Program
```
a = (0 == True)

b = (False== False)

c = True + True

d = False + 9

print("a is",a)
print("b is",b)
print("c:",c)
print("d:",d)
```

## Output
<img width="391" height="244" alt="Screenshot (63)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4b256de4-a8de-403e-917e-6e7827efb7f6" />

## Result
Thus,the python program that evaluates and prints the result of boolean and arithmetic expressions involving True and False is created sucessfully.

Commit message:

Update conclusion for boolean expression evaluation

Datatypes-Boolean Expression Evaluation.md, after:


# Ex 1:Datatypes-Boolean Expression Evaluation in Python

## 🎯 Aim
To write a Python program that evaluates and prints the results of boolean and arithmetic expressions involving `True` and `False`.

## 🧠 Algorithm
1. Set variable `a` to the result of the expression `0 == True`.
2. Set variable `b` to the result of the expression `False == False`.
3. Set variable `c` to the result of the expression `True + True`.
4. Set variable `d` to the result of the expression `False + 9`.
5. Print the value of `a` with the label "a is".
6. Print the value of `b` with the label "b is".
7. Print the value of `c` with the label "c:".
8. Print the value of `d` with the label "d:".

## 💻 Program
```
a = (0 == True)

b = (False== False)

c = True + True

d = False + 9

print("a is",a)
print("b is",b)
print("c:",c)
print("d:",d)
```

## Output
<img width="391" height="244" alt="Screenshot (63)" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4b256de4-a8de-403e-917e-6e7827efb7f6" />

## Result
Therefore, the Python program that demonstrates evaluation of boolean and arithmetic operations with True and False ran successfully.
